Python builder API; clean up and additional operation details (#38)
TIBCOSoftware/catalystml: versions/v0.1.5/Specification.MD

The root level key value “input” is used to define the data that is passed into the specification.  Since multiple data objects can be passed to the specification “input” is a JSON list of objects containing the following key words:
* type - [string]
* dimensions - [array]- if relevant
* shape - [array]-  if relevant

> * label - [string] if labeling full input, [array] if providing labels for each component using "_" to skip assigning labels if desired, [map] is proviging labels for compenents of a map.  Errors are thrown if labels are given for non-existant data references (i.e. arr[9] if the array is only lenth 5, or if key1 in {"key1":"label3"} doesn't exist).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* label - [string] if labeling full input, [array] if providing labels for each component using "_" to skip assigning labels if desired, [map] is providing labels for components of a map.  Errors are thrown if labels are given for non-existing data references (i.e. arr[9] if the array is only length 5, or if key1 in {"key1":"label3"} doesn't exist).
```

    * OutputType - [any]
    * Output - single string adds output to that variable, list of strings applies output of each input object to the corresponding outputlist item

_Additional Operations_:

> * If further operations are needed.  Please suggest them through the Github Issue or PR  system.

Reviewer: Not sure this statement should be part of the specification... Perhaps a better place would be a CONTRIBUTING.md in the root of the repo?

Author: I have made a CONTRIBUTING.md with a quick blurb we can improve in the future.
